Do we know if she had family?
Yeah.
Us.
What?
Huh?
- What are you doing?
- Just asked him a question.
Yeah, no, you're
acting like she's dead.
Why are we acting
like she's dead?
We have the stones, right?
As long as we have the stones...
Cap, we can bring her back.
Isn't that right?
So, stop this shit.
We're the Avengers. Get it together.
Can't get her back.
What's he...? What?
It can't be undone.
It can't.
Look, I'm sorry, no offense,
but you're a very
earthly being, okay?
And we're talking
about space magic.
And "can't" seems very definitive.
Don't you think?
Yeah, look, I know
that I'm way outside
my pay grade here.
But she still
isn't here, is she?
No, that's my point.
It can't be undone.
Or that's at least
what the red, floating
guy had to say.
Maybe you wanna
go talk to him, okay?
Go grab your hammer and
you go fly and you talk to him.
It was supposed to be me.
She sacrificed her life
for that goddamn stone.
She bet her life on it.
She's not coming back.
We have to make it worth it.
We have to.
We will.
Boom!
All right, the glove's ready.
Question is, who's gonna
snap their freakin' fingers?
- I'll do it.
- Excuse me?
It's okay.
Stop, stop. Slow down.
Thor. Just wait.
We haven't decided
who's gonna put that on yet.
I'm sorry.
What, we're all just sitting around
waiting for the
right opportunity?
We should at least discuss it.
Look, sitting here
staring at the thing
is not gonna bring
everybody back.
I'm the strongest Avenger, okay?
So, this responsibility
falls upon me.
- Normally, you're right.
- It's my duty.
- It's not about that.
- It's not that.
- Hey, buddy...
- Stop it! Just let me.
Just let me do it.
Just let me do something good.
Something right.
Look, it's not just the fact...
that that glove is
channeling enough energy
to light up a continent.
I'm telling you.
You're in no condition.
What do you think is coursing
through my veins right now?
Cheez Whiz?
Lightning.
- Yeah.
- Lightning.
Lightning won't help you, pal.
It's gotta be me.
You saw what those
stones did to Thanos.
They almost killed him.
None of you could survive.
How do we know you will?
We don't.
But the radiation's
mostly gamma.
It's like...
I was made for this.
Good to go, yeah?
Let's do it.
Okay, remember,
everyone Thanos snapped
away five years ago...
you're just bringing
them back to now, today.
Don't change anything
from the last five years.
Got it.
Friday, do me a favor
and activate Barn
Door Protocol, will ya?
Yes, boss.
Everybody comes home.
Take it off! Take it off!
No, wait. Bruce, are you okay?
Talk to me, Banner.
I'm okay.
Bruce!
Don't move him.
- Did it work?
- We're not sure. It's okay.
Honey.
Clint?
Guys...
I think it worked.
I can't breathe!
Canopy, canopy, canopy.
Rhodey, Rocket, get out of here.
Let me up! Let me up!
Come on!
Rhodey!
Huh?
Mayday, Mayday!
Does anybody copy?
We're on the lower level.
It's flooding!
What? What?
We are drowning!
Does anybody copy? Mayday!
Wait! I'm here!
I'm here. Can you hear me?
Cap?
Okay.
Daughter.
Yes, Father.
So, this is the future.
Well done.
Thank you, Father.
They suspected nothing.
The arrogant never do.
Go.
Find the stones,
bring them to me.
What will you do?
Wait.
Tell me something.
In the future...
what happens to you and me?
I try to kill you.
Several times.
But eventually...
we become friends.
We become sisters.
Come on.
We can stop him.
Come on, buddy, wake up!
That's my man.
You lose this again,
I'm keeping it.
What happened?
You mess with time,
it tends to mess back.
You'll see.
What's he been doing?
Absolutely nothing.
Where are the stones?
Somewhere under all this.
All I know is he
doesn't have 'em.
So, we keep it that way.
You know it's a trap, right?
Yeah.
I don't much care.
Good.
Just as long as
we're all in agreement.
Let's kill him
properly this time.
You could not live
with your own failure.
Where did that bring you?
Back to me.
I thought by
eliminating half of life...
the other half would thrive.
But you've shown me...
that's impossible.
And as long as there are
those that remember what was...
there will always be those
that are unable to
accept what can be.
They will resist.
Yep, we're all
kinds of stubborn.
I'm thankful.
Because now...
I know what I must do.
I will shred this universe...
down to its last atom.
And then...
with the stones you've
collected for me...
create a new one...
teeming with life...
that knows not
what it has lost...
but only what it has been given.
A grateful universe.
Born out of blood.
They'll never know it.
Because you won't
be alive to tell them.
See you on the other side, man.
Hang on!
I'm coming!
Yeah!
Oh, hey.
I know you.
Father...
I have the stones.
What?
Stop.
You're betraying us?
You don't have to do this.
I am this.
No, you're not.
You've seen what we become.
Nebula, listen to her.
You can change.
He won't let me.
No!
Okay, Thor. Hit me.
Boss, wake up!
I knew it!
In all my years of conquest...
violence...
slaughter...
it was never personal.
But I'll tell you now...
what I'm about to
do to your stubborn,
annoying little planet...
I'm gonna enjoy it...
very, very much.
Hey, Cap, you read me?
Cap, it's Sam.
Can you hear me?
On your left.
Is that everyone?
What? You wanted more?
Avengers...
assemble.
Die!
No, no, give me that.
You have the little one.
Hey!
Holy cow!
You will not believe
what's been going on.
Do you remember
when we were in space?
And I got all dusty?
And I must've passed out,
because I woke up
and you were gone.
But Doctor Strange was there, right?
And he was like...
"It's been five years.
Come on, they need us."
And then he started doing
the yellow sparkly thing
- that he does all the time.
- He did? Oh, no.
What are you doing?
Oh.
Oh, this is nice.
Gamora?
I thought I lost you.
Ow.
Don't touch me!
You missed the first time.
Then you got 'em
both the second time.
This is the one?
Seriously?
Your choices were him or a tree.
Cap!
What do you want me to
do with this damn thing?
Get those stones as
far away as possible!
No!
We need to get 'em back
where they came from.
No way to get 'em back.
Thanos destroyed
the quantum tunnel.
Hold on!
That wasn't our
only time machine.
Anyone see an ugly
brown van out there?
Yes! But you're not gonna
like where it's parked!
Scott, how long you need
to get that thing working?
Uh, maybe 10 minutes.
Get it started.
We'll get the stones to you.
We're on it, Cap.
Hey.
You said one out of 14
million, we win, yeah?
Tell me this is it.
If I tell you what happens...
it won't happen.
You better be right.
It's a mess back here.
It's dead.
- What?
- It's dead.
I have to hot-wire it.
Where's Nebula?
She's not responding.
Sire...
Clint!
Give it to me.
You took everything from me.
I don't even know who you are.
You will.
I got it!
Activate Instant Kill.
Rain fire!
But, sire, our troops!
Just do it!
Uh, is anyone else seeing this?
I got this!
I got this.
Okay, I don't got this.
Help, somebody help!
Hey, Queens, heads up!
Hang on. I got you, kid.
Hey! Nice to meet you...
Oh, my God!
What the hell is this?
Friday, what are they firing at?
Something just entered
the upper atmosphere.
Oh, yeah!
Danvers, we need an assist here.
Hi, I'm Peter Parker.
Hey, Peter Parker.
You got something for me?
I don't know how you're
gonna get it through all of that.
Don't worry.
She's got help.
I am inevitable.
And I...
am...
Iron Man.
Mr. Stark?
Hey!
Mr. Stark. Can you hear me?
It's Peter.
Hey.
We won, Mr. Stark.
We won!
You did it, sir, you did it.
I'm sorry.
Tony.
Hey.
Hey, Pep.
Friday?
Life functions critical.
Tony?
Look at me.
We're gonna be okay.
You can rest now.
Everybody wants a
happy ending, right?
But it doesn't
always roll that way.
Maybe this time.
I'm hoping if you
play this back...
it's in celebration.
I hope families are reunited.
I hope we get it back.
And something
like a normal version
of the planet has been restored.
If there ever was such a thing.
God, what a world.
Universe, now.
If you told me 10 years
ago that we weren't alone...
let alone to this
extent, I mean,
I wouldn't have
been surprised...
but come on, who knew?
The epic forces of
darkness and light
that have come into play.
And for better or worse...
that's the reality
Morgan's gonna
have to find a
way to grow up in.
So, I thought I'd probably
better record a
little greeting...
in the case of an untimely death.
On my part.
Not that death at
any time isn't untimely.
This time travel
thing that we're gonna
try and pull off tomorrow...
it's got me scratching my head
about the
survivability of it all.
That's the thing.
Then again, that's
the hero gig, right?
Part of the journey is the end.
What am I even tripping for?
Everything is gonna work out
exactly the way
it's supposed to.
I love you 3,000.
You know, I wish there was a way
that I could let her know.
That we won.
We did it.
She knows.
They both do.
Come on, Fanny.
So...
when can we expect you back?
Um, about that...
Thor, your people need a king.
No, they already have one.
That's funny.
Are you being serious?
It's time for me
to be who I am...
rather than who
I'm supposed to be.
But you, you're a leader.
That's who you are.
You know, I'd make a lot
of changes around here.
I'm counting on it...
Your Majesty.
What will you do?
I'm not sure.
For the first time
in a thousand years,
I have no path.
I do have a ride though.
Move it or lose it, hairbag.
Oh, here we are!
Tree, good to see you.
The Asgardians of the
Galaxy back together again.
Where to first?
Hey.
Just so you know,
this is my ship still.
I'm in charge.
I know. I know.
Of course you are.
Of course.
See, you say, "Of course,"
but then you touch the map.
It makes you think that maybe
you didn't realize
I was in charge.
Quail, that's your own
insecurities in there.
Quail?
Okay? I am merely trying to
be of service and assisting.
Quill.
That's what I said.
You should fight one another
for the honor of leadership.
Sounds fair.
- It's not necessary, okay?
- It's not.
I got some blasters,
unless you guys
wanna use knives.
Oh, yes! Please, use knives.
Yeah. Knives.
I am Groot.
Not necessary.
There shall be no
knifing one another.
Everybody knows who's in charge.
Me.
Right?
Yes, you.
Of course! Of course.
Of course.
Remember...
you have to return the stones
to the exact moment
you got 'em...
or you're gonna open up
a bunch of nasty
alternative realities.
Don't worry, Bruce.
Clip all the branches.
You know, I tried.
When I had the
gauntlet, the stones,
I really tried to
bring her back.
I miss her, man.
Me too.
You know, if you want,
I could come with you.
You're a good man, Sam.
This one's on me, though.
Don't do anything
stupid till I get back.
How can I?
You're taking all
the stupid with you.
Gonna miss you, buddy.
It's gonna be okay, Buck.
How long is this gonna take?
For him, as long as he needs.
For us, five seconds.
You ready, Cap?
All right, we'll meet
you back here, okay?
You bet.
Going quantum. Three...
two...
one.
And returning in five...
four...
three, two...
one.
Where is he?
I don't know.
He blew right by his time stamp.
He should be here.
Get him back.
- I'm trying.
- Get him the hell back.
- Hey, I said I'm trying.
- Sam.
Go ahead.
Cap?
Hi, Sam.
So, did something go wrong
or did something go right?
Well, after I put the
stones back, I thought...
maybe...
I'll try some of that life
Tony was telling me to get.
How'd that work out for ya?
It was beautiful.
Good. I'm happy for you.
Truly.
Thank you.
Only thing bumming me out...
is the fact I have
to live in a world
without Captain America.
Oh.
That reminds me.
Try it on.
How does it feel?
Like it's someone else's.
It isn't.
Thank you.
I'll do my best.
That's why it's yours.
You wanna tell me about her?
No.
No, I don't think I will.
♪ Never thought that
you would be
♪ Standing here
so close to me
♪ There's so much I feel
that I should say
♪ But words can wait
until some other day
♪ Kiss me once,
then kiss me twice
♪ Then kiss me
once again
♪ It's been a
long, long time
♪ Haven't felt like this,
my dear
♪ Since I can't
remember when
♪ It's been a
long, long time
♪ You'll never know
how many dreams
♪ I've dreamed
about you
♪ Or just how empty
they all seemed without you
♪ So kiss me once,
then kiss me twice
♪ Then kiss me
once again
♪ It's been a
long, long time
Here we go.
And...
Roll sound.
Sound feed.
A-mark.
And action.
Go wide.
Wide-out the whole frame.
♪ Well I know
it's kinda late
♪ I hope I didn't
wake you
♪ But what I gotta say
can't wait
♪ I know you'd
understand
♪ Every time
I tried to tell you
♪ The words just
came out wrong
♪ So, I'll have to say
"I love you" in a song
I am Groot.
♪ Yeah, I know
it's kinda strange
♪ Every time
I'm near you
♪ I just run out of
things to say
♪ I know you'd
understand
♪ Every time
I tried to tell you
♪ The words just
came out wrong
♪ So, I'll have to say
"I love you" in a song
I can't go to Germany.
You know, I've got homework.
Are you Tony Stank?
Not only did I not think
I would be doing a cameo
in such a big movie,
I never dreamt there'd be
such a big movie.
First thing I thought is,
there's gonna be little kids
trying to dress up like this...
on Halloween.
That's the first,
literally, the first thing
I thought, was like, "Oh, wow."
You're looking at yourself
in this old makeup
and you're trying
to tap into Steve's journey,
but you can't help
but think about your own
and think about what this entire
experience has meant to you.
It's just been littered
with so many good memories.
They never want to work,
these kids, but I'll get them there.
This has been such an
incredible chapter in my life.
To work with creative people,
especially people who
make movies, is such a thrill.
It's overwhelming
when I think about it.
And I keep saying to myself,
"I can't believe this is me.
"I can't believe
I lucked out this way."
Ladies and gentleman,
that is a wrap!